docs: correct typo & link (#1073)
apache/apisix-ingress-controller: docs/en/latest/design.md

## CRD design

> Currently `apisix-ingress-controller` CRDs consist of 2 parts: ApisixRoute/ApisixUpstream. The design follows the following ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently `apisix-ingress-controller` CRDs consist of 6 parts: ApisixRoute/ApisixUpstream/ApisixConsumer/ApisixTls/ApisixClusterConfig/ApisixPluginConfig. The design follows the following ideas.
```

This documentation is a bit outdated, but we can prioritize updating this section
